README.md, before:

# Compliments to the Chef 
###### an EKLynx quick World of Warcraft add-on


Back in the days of WeakAruas, someone created an aura that did something small.  It was adapted into something that can be silly but useful, and most importantly it was popular. The one that we used in the guild was called ["Nom Nom"](https://wago.io/EMhP4uryY). Many others created clones that changes what was said, and life was just a bit more entertaining when raiding. But with the great add-on cleansing of 2026 WeakAuras rode off in to the sunset.  But this small thing was a popular request and seemed manageable for a small add-on by itself, and this is the result!

This add-on does two simple things.
1. When you start eating, you say something
2. When you gain or refresh a well-fed buff, you say something else.

That's it!

What is said can be easily changed in the add-on settings page, and every character has its own settings.

It's that simple!

Translations might not be entirely accurate, since they are based on Google Translate and AI assistance.  I welcome corrections or addition.  Please open up a GitHub issue with what things should be for a speficic localization. 

Please let me know if there are any issues on the Github page found at https://github.com/eklynx/EKWoW_Compliments_To_The_Chef

Commit message:

Added test plans. (#15)
* Added test plans.
Corrected spelling error in README
Added summary section in README for clarity of addon behavior.

* Grammar correction

* Standardizing well fed.

README.md, after:

# Compliments to the Chef 
###### an EKLynx quick World of Warcraft add-on

#### Summary
A simple add-on that says something when you eat and says something else when you are well fed!

#### Description

Back in the days of WeakAuras someone created an aura that did something small.  It was adapted into something that can be silly but useful, and most importantly it was popular. The one that we used in the guild was called ["Nom Nom"](https://wago.io/EMhP4uryY). Many others created clones that changes what was said, and life was just a bit more entertaining when raiding. But with the great add-on cleansing of 2026 WeakAuras rode off in to the sunset.  But this small thing was a popular request and seemed manageable for a small add-on by itself, and this is the result!

This add-on does two simple things.
1. When you start eating, you say something
2. When you gain or refresh a 'Well Fed' buff, you say something else.

That's it!

What is said can be easily changed in the add-on settings page, and every character has its own settings.

It's that simple!

Translations might not be entirely accurate, since they are based on Google Translate and AI assistance.  I welcome corrections or addition.  Please open up a GitHub issue with what things should be for a speficic localization. 

Please let me know if there are any issues on the Github page found at https://github.com/eklynx/EKWoW_Compliments_To_The_Chef
